two steps to this trip the first step
foot plates you pull your one foot well
all right goofy so I put my left foot in
the back my right foot in the front or
even if you're so goofy you could still
do it your left foot in the front of
your right foot in the back for all
preference how to get in
jump and kick your front foot out Wow
trying to keep the deck to my just going
put your foot down
nextstep just once you try to get out do
these two ways by jump poor background
with the same foot land like this i
recommend when starting use a sliding
one easier but once you get them clean
just want to be able to just pull it out
because it looks better you impact this
though is right as going to drink beat
and saw me with your heel get the feel
for each you can't really practice is go
jump